.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH ARISTA-TRANSCODE 1 "July 16, 2009"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
arista-transcode \-  multimedia transcoding tool for the GNOME Desktop
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B arista-transcode
.RI [ options ] " infile outfile" ...
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the
.B arista-transcode
command.
.PP
.\" TeX users may be more comfortable with the \fB<whatever>\fP and
.\" \fI<whatever>\fP escape sequences to invode bold face and italics,
.\" respectively.
\fBarista\fP is a multimedia transcoder for the GNOME Desktop which allows
user to encode audio and video streams for a wide variety of devices.
.PP
.B arista-transcode
is a command line program which allows user to encode audio and video stream
for various devices.
.PP
Features include automatic discovery of DVD media and V4L devices, ripping
from DVD or files, a live quality preview, and included presets for the
most popular devices currently in use.
.SH OPTIONS
This program follows the usual GNU command line syntax, with long
options starting with two dashes (`-').
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Show summary of options.
.TP
.B \-v, \-\-version
Show version of program.
.TP
.B \-i, \-\-info
Show information about available devices.
.TP
.B \-S SUBTITLE, \-\-subtitle=SUBTITLE
Subtitle file to render.
.TP
.B \-f FONT, \-\-font=FONT
Font to use when rendering subtitles.
.TP
.B \-p PRESET, \-\-preset=PRESET
Preset to encode to [default].
.TP
.B \-d DEVICE, \-\-device=DEVICE
Device to encode to [computer].
.TP
.B \-s, \-\-source-info
Show information about input file and exit.
.TP
.B \-q, \-\-quiet
Don't show status and time remaining.
.TP
.B -v, \-\-verbose
Show verbose (debug) output.
.TP 
.B \-u, \-\-update
Check for and download updated device presets if they are available
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR arista-gtk (1).
.SH AUTHOR
arista-transcode was written by Daniel G. Taylor <dan@programmer-art.org>.
.PP
This manual page was written by Alessio Treglia <quadrispro@ubuntu.com>,
for the Ubuntu project (and may be used by others).
