.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH ARISTA-GTK 1 "July 16, 2009"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
arista-gtk \-  graphical interface for Arista Transcoder
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B arista-gtk
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the
.B arista-gtk
command.
.PP
.\" TeX users may be more comfortable with the \fB<whatever>\fP and
.\" \fI<whatever>\fP escape sequences to invode bold face and italics,
.\" respectively.
\fBarista\fP is a multimedia transcoder for the GNOME Desktop which allows
user to encode audio and video streams for a wide variety of devices.
.PP
.B arista-gtk
provides a simple user interface for the
.B arista-transcode
command.
.PP
.B arista-gtk
has been written with Python and GTK+2, and after installing the application
you can run it from the
.B Applications
menu.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR arista-transcode (1).
.SH AUTHOR
arista-gtk was written by Daniel G. Taylor <dan@programmer-art.org>.
.PP
This manual page was written by Alessio Treglia <quadrispro@ubuntu.com>,
for the Ubuntu project (and may be used by others).
